results of the photo competition.
Tonight I am more than happy to read out the winners of the photo competition.
We were very pleased with our competition this year.
Compared with other years, we received many more photos.
Even though all of the photos are excellent, we are sorry to say that we cannot give prizes to everyone.
The person who won the prize for the subject nature is 15-year-old Lee Wei.
Lee Wei took a photo of the trees in Sian Shan Park.
His photo shows the different colours on the hill.
The photo which we liked best in the city and people group was taken by Chao Min.
Chao Min is only 12 years old.
Her photo shows a person rushing across a street on a windy evening.
It is a beautiful girl who is wearing a blouse and skirt and who is protecting her books against the showers.
The best photo in the music group was taken by her Chao Min.
His photo of the group Crazy Feet shows the singer Becky Wong and the band playing at a concert.
Her Jong manages to show how this great new band moves and sounds and the good time which their fans are having.
A group of photos which show Beijing and Cambridge in England has won the prize for the subject Home and Away.
They show some of the experiences of a young visitor to our country and some memories of his home.
The winner is Tony Smith.
Congratulations to our winners and thanks to everyone who entered the competition.
Now let's welcome our headmaster to present the prizes to the winners.